these were the sons of Israel Reuben
these were the sons of Israel Reuben Simeon Levi Judah Issachar Zebulun Dan
Simeon Levi Judah Issachar Zebulun Dan
Simeon Levi Judah Issachar Zebulun Dan Joseph Benjamin Naphtali GAD and Asher
Joseph Benjamin Naphtali GAD and Asher
Joseph Benjamin Naphtali GAD and Asher the sons of Judah were earth Onan and
the sons of Judah were earth Onan and
the sons of Judah were earth Onan and Sheila these three were born to him by
Sheila these three were born to him by
Sheila these three were born to him by the daughter of sure the Canaanite is
the daughter of sure the Canaanite is
the daughter of sure the Canaanite is her the firstborn of Judah was wicked in
her the firstborn of Judah was wicked in
her the firstborn of Judah was wicked in the sight of the Lord so he killed him
the sight of the Lord so he killed him
the sight of the Lord so he killed him and tamer his daughter-in-law for him
and tamer his daughter-in-law for him
and tamer his daughter-in-law for him Perez and zerah all the sons of Judah
Perez and zerah all the sons of Judah
Perez and zerah all the sons of Judah were five the sons of Perez were hezron
were five the sons of Perez were hezron
were five the sons of Perez were hezron and hable the sons of Zira
and hable the sons of Zira
and hable the sons of Zira was Zimri Ethan Keemun calcio and Dhara
was Zimri Ethan Keemun calcio and Dhara
was Zimri Ethan Keemun calcio and Dhara five of them in all
five of them in all
five of them in all the son of Carmi was akin the traveler
the son of Carmi was akin the traveler
the son of Carmi was akin the traveler of Israel who transgressed in the
of Israel who transgressed in the
of Israel who transgressed in the accursed thing the son of Ethan was
accursed thing the son of Ethan was
accursed thing the son of Ethan was Azariah also the sons of hezron who were
Azariah also the sons of hezron who were
Azariah also the sons of hezron who were born to him word Jeremiah ran and kill
born to him word Jeremiah ran and kill
born to him word Jeremiah ran and kill uber round begat a Minotaur and a minute
uber round begat a Minotaur and a minute
uber round begat a Minotaur and a minute ab begat national leader of the children
ab begat national leader of the children
ab begat national leader of the children of judah nation' they got Salma and
of judah nation' they got Salma and
of judah nation' they got Salma and Salma begat bones Boaz begat obed and
Salma begat bones Boaz begat obed and
Salma begat bones Boaz begat obed and Obed begat jesse jesse begat Alya his
Obed begat jesse jesse begat Alya his
Obed begat jesse jesse begat Alya his first form AB inner dab the second
first form AB inner dab the second
first form AB inner dab the second shaniyah the third Nathanael the fourth
shaniyah the third Nathanael the fourth
shaniyah the third Nathanael the fourth redeye the fifth O's M the sixth and
redeye the fifth O's M the sixth and
redeye the fifth O's M the sixth and David the seventh now their sisters was
David the seventh now their sisters was
David the seventh now their sisters was Zahra aya and Abigail and the sons of
Zahra aya and Abigail and the sons of
Zahra aya and Abigail and the sons of Zahra aya were a bashar Joe and sa-3
Zahra aya were a bashar Joe and sa-3
Zahra aya were a bashar Joe and sa-3 Abigail bore a Mesa and the father of a
Abigail bore a Mesa and the father of a
Abigail bore a Mesa and the father of a Mesa was G thir the Ishmaelite caleb the
Mesa was G thir the Ishmaelite caleb the
Mesa was G thir the Ishmaelite caleb the son of hezron had children by Zuba his
son of hezron had children by Zuba his
son of hezron had children by Zuba his wife
wife
wife and by Jerry earth now these were her
and by Jerry earth now these were her
and by Jerry earth now these were her sons
sons
sons Disha show bad and Arden when as Ubud
Disha show bad and Arden when as Ubud
Disha show bad and Arden when as Ubud I'd Caleb took Efrat as his wife who
I'd Caleb took Efrat as his wife who
I'd Caleb took Efrat as his wife who bore him her and her begat euro and EUR
bore him her and her begat euro and EUR
bore him her and her begat euro and EUR I forgot
I forgot
I forgot bezel now afterward hezron went in to
bezel now afterward hezron went in to
bezel now afterward hezron went in to the daughter of maker the father of
the daughter of maker the father of
the daughter of maker the father of Gilead whom he married when he was 60
Gilead whom he married when he was 60
Gilead whom he married when he was 60 years old and she bore him
years old and she bore him
years old and she bore him sigue sigue begat Jo who had 23 cities
sigue sigue begat Jo who had 23 cities
sigue sigue begat Jo who had 23 cities in the land of Gilead Keisha and Syria
in the land of Gilead Keisha and Syria
in the land of Gilead Keisha and Syria took from them the towns of jail with
took from them the towns of jail with
took from them the towns of jail with kena and its towns 60 tons all these
kena and its towns 60 tons all these
kena and its towns 60 tons all these belong to the sons of maker the father
belong to the sons of maker the father
belong to the sons of maker the father of Gilead after hezron died in caleb
of Gilead after hezron died in caleb
of Gilead after hezron died in caleb Ephrathah ezrin's wife a badger for him
Ephrathah ezrin's wife a badger for him
Ephrathah ezrin's wife a badger for him asha the father of Toccoa the sons of
asha the father of Toccoa the sons of
asha the father of Toccoa the sons of jeremiah the firstborn of hezron were
jeremiah the firstborn of hezron were
jeremiah the firstborn of hezron were Ron the firstborn and Buena orang ozium
Ron the firstborn and Buena orang ozium
Ron the firstborn and Buena orang ozium and a Hydra
and a Hydra
and a Hydra Jeremy L had another wife whose name was
Jeremy L had another wife whose name was
Jeremy L had another wife whose name was iturra
iturra
iturra she was the mother of una the sons of
she was the mother of una the sons of
she was the mother of una the sons of ROM the firstborn of Jeremy L were
ROM the firstborn of Jeremy L were
ROM the firstborn of Jeremy L were mayors Jamin and eco the sons of onam
mayors Jamin and eco the sons of onam
mayors Jamin and eco the sons of onam were shamea and Jada
were shamea and Jada
were shamea and Jada the sons of Shem AI when Nadab and Abihu
the sons of Shem AI when Nadab and Abihu
the sons of Shem AI when Nadab and Abihu and the name of the wife of Abijah was a
and the name of the wife of Abijah was a
and the name of the wife of Abijah was a behave and she bore him Arbonne and Mo
behave and she bore him Arbonne and Mo
behave and she bore him Arbonne and Mo lead the sons of Nadab were see LED and
lead the sons of Nadab were see LED and
lead the sons of Nadab were see LED and a peon Cielo died without children the
a peon Cielo died without children the
a peon Cielo died without children the son of appium was a shy the son of ish I
son of appium was a shy the son of ish I
son of appium was a shy the son of ish I was shi Shan and Shi Shan son was a lay
was shi Shan and Shi Shan son was a lay
was shi Shan and Shi Shan son was a lay i the sons of Jada her brother of Shimei
i the sons of Jada her brother of Shimei
i the sons of Jada her brother of Shimei I Vegeta and Jonathan Geetha died
I Vegeta and Jonathan Geetha died
I Vegeta and Jonathan Geetha died without children the sons of Jonathan
without children the sons of Jonathan
without children the sons of Jonathan were pilaf and Ziza
were pilaf and Ziza
were pilaf and Ziza these were the sons of Jeremiah now she
these were the sons of Jeremiah now she
these were the sons of Jeremiah now she shunned had no sons only daughters and
shunned had no sons only daughters and
shunned had no sons only daughters and she Shan had an Egyptian servant whose
she Shan had an Egyptian servant whose
she Shan had an Egyptian servant whose name was Gia
name was Gia
name was Gia shi Shan gave his daughter to jaha his
shi Shan gave his daughter to jaha his
shi Shan gave his daughter to jaha his servant as wife and she bore him a tie a
servant as wife and she bore him a tie a
servant as wife and she bore him a tie a tie begat Nathan and Nathan begat Zabar
tie begat Nathan and Nathan begat Zabar
tie begat Nathan and Nathan begat Zabar zeebad begat FAL and fel begat obed Obed
zeebad begat FAL and fel begat obed Obed
zeebad begat FAL and fel begat obed Obed begat G Hugh and G Hugh begat Azariah
begat G Hugh and G Hugh begat Azariah
begat G Hugh and G Hugh begat Azariah Azariah begat heelas and healers begat
Azariah begat heelas and healers begat
Azariah begat heelas and healers begat eleazar eleazar begat sis my and sis my
eleazar eleazar begat sis my and sis my
eleazar eleazar begat sis my and sis my begat shallow Shalem forgot Jack Amaya
begat shallow Shalem forgot Jack Amaya
begat shallow Shalem forgot Jack Amaya and Jeremiah begat Elisha the
and Jeremiah begat Elisha the
and Jeremiah begat Elisha the descendants of Caleb the brother of
descendants of Caleb the brother of
descendants of Caleb the brother of Jeremiah where Misha is first born who
Jeremiah where Misha is first born who
Jeremiah where Misha is first born who was the father of Ziff and the sons of
was the father of Ziff and the sons of
was the father of Ziff and the sons of Mauritian the father of Hebron the sons
Mauritian the father of Hebron the sons
Mauritian the father of Hebron the sons of Hebron were coda Tapia
of Hebron were coda Tapia
of Hebron were coda Tapia Rican and Shima
Rican and Shima
Rican and Shima Shima begat Ram the father of jakku
Shima begat Ram the father of jakku
Shima begat Ram the father of jakku and Rican begat shamea and the son of
and Rican begat shamea and the son of
and Rican begat shamea and the son of Shanna I was mayor and man was the
Shanna I was mayor and man was the
Shanna I was mayor and man was the father of death sir Aoife Caleb's
father of death sir Aoife Caleb's
father of death sir Aoife Caleb's concubine for Harun Moza
concubine for Harun Moza
concubine for Harun Moza and gazes and Harun begat gazes and the
and gazes and Harun begat gazes and the
and gazes and Harun begat gazes and the sons of JD I were Regan Jotham Geshem
sons of JD I were Regan Jotham Geshem
sons of JD I were Regan Jotham Geshem pilot Aoife and sheriff may occur
pilot Aoife and sheriff may occur
pilot Aoife and sheriff may occur Caleb's concubine for Sheba and tahina
Caleb's concubine for Sheba and tahina
Caleb's concubine for Sheba and tahina she also bought shares the father of mad
she also bought shares the father of mad
she also bought shares the father of mad manna Shiva the father of Mack bina and
manna Shiva the father of Mack bina and
manna Shiva the father of Mack bina and the father of Gibeah and the daughter of
the father of Gibeah and the daughter of
the father of Gibeah and the daughter of Caleb was AXA these were the descendants
Caleb was AXA these were the descendants
Caleb was AXA these were the descendants of Caleb the sons of her the firstborn
of Caleb the sons of her the firstborn
of Caleb the sons of her the firstborn of Ephrata were Shobha the father of
of Ephrata were Shobha the father of
of Ephrata were Shobha the father of Kyra Kyra Salma the father of Bethlehem
Kyra Kyra Salma the father of Bethlehem
Kyra Kyra Salma the father of Bethlehem and Harris the father of Beth Gayden and
and Harris the father of Beth Gayden and
and Harris the father of Beth Gayden and shobun the father of Kia Jeff georan had
shobun the father of Kia Jeff georan had
shobun the father of Kia Jeff georan had descendants aurora and half the families
descendants aurora and half the families
descendants aurora and half the families of manure 'the the families of
of manure 'the the families of
of manure 'the the families of kiriath-jearim were the eighth rights
kiriath-jearim were the eighth rights
kiriath-jearim were the eighth rights the pure thoughts the schumer fights and
the pure thoughts the schumer fights and
the pure thoughts the schumer fights and the mich react
the mich react
the mich react from these came the szura fights and the
from these came the szura fights and the
from these came the szura fights and the ashta alights the sons of Salma were
ashta alights the sons of Salma were
ashta alights the sons of Salma were Bethlehem the net effects are FF Joab
Bethlehem the net effects are FF Joab
Bethlehem the net effects are FF Joab half of ammonia bites and the zoo rights
half of ammonia bites and the zoo rights
half of ammonia bites and the zoo rights and the families of the scribes who
and the families of the scribes who
and the families of the scribes who dwelt at jay-bez were the Taira fights
dwelt at jay-bez were the Taira fights
dwelt at jay-bez were the Taira fights the shimmy effects and the sukkah fights
the shimmy effects and the sukkah fights
the shimmy effects and the sukkah fights these were the Kenites who came from
these were the Kenites who came from
these were the Kenites who came from hamath the father of the house of recap
hamath the father of the house of recap
hamath the father of the house of recap [Music]